So something that we can do now,
for example, is we can open up JS.
That's like an entry point, okay?
And now we are going to get into,
if you would like to follow along with
the instructions from the website,
we will be now in Storage Manager,
Requesting Persistence, okay?
So we're gonna I'm going to write
something like this code now here, but I'm
going to write it from scratch so I will
explain what I'm doing here from scratch.
So I'm going to request persistence.
Storage.
Okay.
That's kind of the idea.
So persistent distortion.
That was actually break Simple, Okay,
was navigator.storage.persistence.
The problem is that we
have a couple of problems.
Okay, I will do some kind
of refactor to that code.
So the problem is that first
this is returning a promise.
So if I want to get the return
the Return Value to see if it worked or
not, I can use then.
Or I can await for this, okay?
Make sense?
So I can await for
the result of that operation.
The problem is that this
is a top-level await.
It's not gonna work on every browser.
So if you want to be compatible
with everything top level,
doesn't work everywhere.
I'm not sure if you know that it will
work in some situations on some browsers.
So I need,
what do I need if I'm using a weight?
An async function.
So something quick that we can do is
we can create an anonymous function.
I will convert this to an async function.
Now, what I can do with this function
is to immediately execute the function.
So I can wrap this in parentheses and
execute the function.
Okay, I'm not sure if you like that,
but that works, okay?
So that's a simple way to get over get rid
of the limitation of the top level await.
So, Now I can just check
I can do a console log,
something like saying
the persistence request,
return, and
I can use the resulting just a Boolean.
So it's actually pretty simple.
Okay?
In this case, I'm requesting
persistence always On every page load.
If I wanna be more performance here,
I mean,
it's not gonna be a big deal,
but I could check.
If it's already granted maybe
I don't need to request again.
Make sense?
So could also check if
navigator.storage.persistent.
This is a function,
not a property, be careful.
So, parentheses because it's a function,
we need to execute the function and
then we're going to await for the value.
So, this is going to be me true.
So I can say if not persisted,
okay, I will execute this.
And to finish this we should check if
the API is available because maybe there
are still some browsers out there
where this API is not available.
So you should check it.
There are many ways to
check API compatibility.
But if the storage object
in the Navigator exists,
and navigator.storage.persist exist, okay?
And that's kind of like
a proper final code for
requesting persistent storage.
Do you need to do it in every web app?
No, just on the web app where you feel
like requesting persistent storage will
make a difference.
Okay?
But if it's granted,
then you have a better opportunity for
your data to be there in
the future in the next session.
We have any question?
We can try this,so I will open
in my browser My web app.
Let's open the console.
And despite the errors they have there
that has to do with applying persistent
requests return true.
local host typically
give you a true always.
Okay.
If I try this on Firefox Localhost 3000.
It's asking me it's asking the user yes or
no.
So have in mind that from a US
perspective, okay, that's on Firefox.
That will appear immediately.
So that another idea will be that if
it's in Firefox, maybe you can wait
to a moment where it will make sense for
the user to allow you that, okay?
It's up to you and now that is
persisted everything that we will do
from now on that will be more workshop
mode from this part of the workshop.
Will actually be stored client-side and
is not going to be deleted
by storage pressure.
>> Someone in the chat said
that they got false and
asked why that might happen in Chrome.
>> If you have false, check if you're
using localhost or your IP address.
If you're using your IP address
instead of the local host word,
that might be one case.
And can you do anything with a false?
Nope.
The only thing you can do is try again
next time, until Chrome will say OK,
now I will grant you persistent.
Storage, but you get a false,
there is nothing you can do about that.
So, more than trying again next time,
okay?
Because the heuristics about
that are private to the browser.
So the browser says, No,
I don't trust you yet, so
I'm not going to give
you Persistent storage.